English
Incorrect admin password!
Logged out of admin mode!
Added %s random tracks
Ran out of songs!
Cleared the queue!
Error moving item inside queue: invalid-argument
Successfully moved item inside queue:
Error moving item inside queue:
Moved down in queue:
Error moving down in queue:
Moved up in queue:
Error moving up in queue:
Deleted from queue:
Error deleting from queue:
Download started:
Upon completion, it will be added to queue.
Upon completion, it will appear in the "available songs" list.
Error: Can't delete this song because it is in the current queue:
Song deleted:
Error: No song parameter specified!
Error: Can't edit this song because it is currently being played:
Song File Edit
Error Renaming file: '%s' to '%s'. Filename already exists.
Renamed file: '%s' to '%s'
Error: No filename parameters were specified!
Unknown
Running
Stopped
 (CPU only)
 (GPU enabled)
Updating youtube-dl! Should take a minute or two... 
You don't have permission to update youtube-dl
You don't have permission to shut down
Quitting PiKaraoke now!
You don't have permission to quit
Shutting down system now!
You don't have permission to shut down
Rebooting system now!
You don't have permission to Reboot
Expanding filesystem and rebooting system now!
Cannot expand fs on non-raspberry pi devices!
You don't have permission to resize the filesystem
Youtube-dl path not found! 
VLC path not found! 
omxplayer path not found! 
Creating download path: 
Wifi/Network not connected. Shutting down in 10s...
For selecting songs, scan QR or connect to 
For TV display, connect to 
Press F to toggle full-screen
Press ESC to quit PiKaraoke
RaspiWifiConfig setup mode detected!
Connect another device/smartphone to the Wifi AP: '%s'
Then point its browser to: '%s://%s%s' and follow the instructions.
Up next: 
Added by: 
Now playing: 
Admin mode granted! 
Increasing audio delay will give you more time to read lyrics before singing out the next sentence.
Decreasing subtitle delay will give you more time to read lyrics before singing out the next sentence.
A semitone is also known as a half-step. It is the smallest interval used in classical Western music, equal to a twelfth of an octave or half a tone.
DNN-based vocal splitter is enabled. PiKaraoke uses PyTorch (by Facebook) to run a deep neural network to split instrumental and vocal sound in each track giving rise to stereo sound.
Player Control
Music
Mixed
Voice
Change Key
Nothing is playing right now.
No song is queued.
This song is not added by you. Are you sure you want to restart this track?
This song is not added by you. Are you sure you want to skip this track?
Player Control
Now Playing
Next Song
Seek To:
Audio Delay (sec)
Subtitle Delay (sec)
Restart Song
Play/Pause
Skip Current Song
Volume Down
Set Volume
Volume Up
Decrease Subtitle Delay
Set Subtitle Delay
Increase Subtitle Delay
Decrease Audio Delay
Set Audio Delay
Increase Audio Delay
 semitones
Please enter your name. This will show up next to the songs you queue up from this device.
Song added to the queue: 
Song already the queue: 
Sort by Date
Sort by Alphabetical
Add '%s' to the queue
Browse
Sorted by 'Date'
Sorted by 'Alphabetical'
songs
displaying <b>{start} - {end}</b> {record_name}, in total <b>{total}</b> {record_name}
found <b>{found}</b> {record_name}, displaying <b>{start} - {end}</b> {record_name}
Edit song
Move up in queue
Move down in queue
Are you sure you want to delete from the queue
Are you sure you want to clear the ENTIRE queue? Type 'OK' to continue
Add 3 random songs
Clear all
The queue is empty
Queue
Delete
Available songs in local library
Added song to queue:
Song is already in the queue:
Search / Add New
Search
Queue
Include non-karaoke matches
Advanced
Type a song (title/artist) to search the available songs and click 'Queue' to add it to the queue.
If the song doesn't appear in the "Available Songs" dropdown, click 'Search' to find it on Youtube.
Direct download YouTube url:
Add to queue
Include subtitles
Download
Searching YouTube for
Search results for
Click dropdown to show more results
Link:
Available Songs
Do you want to change the display name of the person using this device? This will show up next to the queued songs. Current:
Current user
Settings
PiKaraoke
Are you sure you want to quit?
Are you sure you want to shut down?
Are you sure you want to reboot?
Are you sure you want to update Youtube-dl right now? Current and pending downloads may fail.
Are you sure you want to expand the filesystem? This will reboot your raspberry pi.
Information
Handy URL QR code to share with a pal:
OS
Disk Usage
Memory
Screen Capture
Vocal Splitter
Youtube-dl (yt-dlp) version
PiKaraoke version
Advanced Control Options
Vocal splitter mode:
Use L-R/L+R
Use DNN
Standard MTV audio has the two stereo channels (L and R) encoded in such a way that: L-R is the instrument track, L+R is the vocal track. Thus, by simply subtracting or adding the two stereo channels, we can get the instrumental and vocal track in mono sound. PiKaraoke's built-in DNN-based (deep neural network) vocal splitter uses AI algorithm to split instrumental and vocal sound in each stereo track independently resulting in stereo instrumental and vocal tracks.
Stop Splitter
Restart Splitter
The vocal splitter (that supports both DNN-based and stereo subtraction) runs as a separate process in the background, generating instrumental/vocal audio file for every song.
Re-synchronize audio and video:
Stop Streamer
Restart Streamer
This only affects playing KTV via web browser. Restarting the screen-capture-and-streaming improves audio/video synchronization, it also decreases the latency between the server and browser.
Refresh the song list:
Rescan song directory
You should only need to do this if you manually copied files to the download directory while PiKaraoke was running.
Updates
If downloads or searches stopped working, updating youtube-dl will probably fix it. The current installed version is:
Update youtube-dl
This update link above may fail if you don't have proper file permissions. Check the PiKaraoke log for errors.
Shutdown
Don't just pull the plug! Always shut down your server properly to avoid data corruption.
Quit PiKaraoke
Reboot System
Shutdown System
Other
Expand Raspberry Pi filesystem
If you just installed the pre-built pikaraoke pi image and your SD card is larger than 4GB, you may want to expand the filesystem to utilize the remaining space. You only need to do this once. This will reboot the system.
Disable admin mode
Enable admin mode
log out
log in
System Info
Home
Change Language
Please choose language
System Language
Current system language:
This changes the language of the PiKaraoke backend system which gets displayed onto TV screen; moreover, each connecting user can also change their respective Web UI language in the globe button in the right-top menu. 
Download completed successfully!
Download failed!
Song added to the queue!
Failed to queue the song!
System Info & Settings
Volume Normalization
Different songs often have different volume. Enabling volume normalization will first run <i>ffmpeg</i> to compute the global volume of a song and automatically adjust player volume so that every song sounds equally loud.
